CLI Wallet version 0.14 documentation (#72)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/tools/vega-wallet/cli-wallet/latest/create-wallet.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

To download Vega Wallet and create your wallet, follow the step-by-step instructions below. This software a work-in-progress and is frequently updated. These instructions cover version 0.14, the latest release.

Note: If you are looking for instructions for connecting your hardware wallet to MetaMask, see [MetaMask's guide](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360020394612-How-to-connect-a-Trezor-or-Ledger-Hardware-Wallet).

Use the following instructions in command line. Below, you'll see commands in the code blocks for each operating system. Copy those instructions and paste them into your command line interface.

:::caution

> You must use Vega Wallet version 0.9.2 or newer to connect to the Vega mainnet. We recommend always using the latest released version of Vega Wallet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use Vega Wallet version 0.9.2 or newer to connect to the Vega mainnet. We highly recommend always using the latest released version of Vega Wallet. 
```

Also, the thing is that some protobuf definition have been updated since then, so some of the transaction won't pass the sanity checks... I wonder if we shouldn't say something like...

> Previous version of the wallet may rely on outdated transaction format that may not be compatible anymore with the deployed network. We highly recommend you to use the latest version. Otherwise, you might encounter errors when sending transactions.

What do you think ?

Author: Because mainnet is being maintained with version 0.47, I'm going to park this suggestion for now but I think it will  be true in the future.

```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## 5. Approve transactions

You will need to use your wallet to approve any transactions that you create for the Vega network. You might create those transactions through the token dApp or when using the APIs, for example. 

When a transaction is submitted, you will receive a prompt asking if you want to approve the transaction. 

Choose `y` to approve or `n` to reject the transaction.

### Pre-approve transactions

> Alternatively, you can pre-approve all transactions that are created while the wallet is running with the auto-consent flag: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can automatically approve all transactions that are created, by skipping the review, while the wallet is running with the auto-consent flag: 
```

Just a suggestion...
